docs: add openssl workaround to 'known issues' (#2810)
stryker-mutator/stryker-net: docs/technical-reference/VsTest internal.md

session will still wait for the end session event
- Providing an incorrect TestSettings file will result in nothing happening, without any error report. This happens if the file is corrupted as well as with a negative timeouts
- Some settings will be reported in the logs as not recognized or obsolete, but they are still needed by some test adapters
- The error message `process failed to connect to vstest.console` might indicate that the OS is providing a different version of OpenSSL

>   than what VsTest expects. F. ex. Arch provides OpenSSL3, whereas VsTest expects OpenSSL1. A more

Reviewer: I don't think `F. ex.` is a common abbreviation for for example. Use `e.g.` or spell it out completely instead.

>   than what VsTest expects. F. ex. Arch provides OpenSSL3, whereas VsTest expects OpenSSL1. A more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  than what VsTest expects. For example, Arch provides OpenSSL3, whereas VsTest expects OpenSSL1. A more
```

Reviewer: I don't think `F. ex.` is a common abbreviation for for example. Use `e.g.` or spell it out completely instead.
